# Xfinity Discloses Data Breach Affecting Over 35 Million People
In this document, I discuss two articles about a data-related issue: In December 2023, Xfinity reported a data breach affecting over 35 million customers. The stolen data included sensitive personal information, such as partial Social Security numbers, contact information, and dates of birth. Two newspaper articles offer insights into the incident with different focuses and main opinions.

## Article 1
In The Columbian's [Xfinity notifies its customers of data breach linked to software vulnerability](https://www.columbian.com/news/2023/dec/19/xfinity-notifies-its-customers-of-data-breach-linked-to-software-vulnerability/), The Columbian provided the detailed description of the data breach. The Columbian reported that hackers exploited a vulnerability in software used by Comcast's telecommunications business, Xfinity. The breach occurred between October 16 and 19 and was discovered on October 25. Xfinity confirmed that usernames and hashed passwords were acquired, and for some customers, additional data such as the last four digits of Social Security numbers, birthdates, and contact information were also compromised.

In my viewpoint, the description by The Columbian underscores a significant cybersecurity for the tech companies. Particularly, the breach's timing, with a gap between the occurrence and its detection, highlights the need for more rigorous, real-time monitoring systems that could potentially mitigate the damage by identifying breaches sooner. We can conclude that it's necessary for companies to adopt more proactive security measures.

## Article 2
Different from the main argunments made in The Columbian's article on the issue, Dataconomy's [Comcast Xfinity data breach 2023 affects 35 million customers](https://dataconomy.com/2023/12/20/comcast-xfinity-data-breach-2023/), Dataconomy’s article emphasized the exploitation of the Citrix Bleed vulnerability and provided a detailed analysis of what users should do when facing data breach issue. The report also raised questions about Xfinity's response to the vulnerability, the specific security failures, and the steps the company is taking to regain customer trust and prevent future incidents.

Personally speaking, this article reveals a larger issue in the tech industry: the balance between rapid technological advancement and the necessary fortification of digital defenses. Thus, Xfinity and all of the other tech companies not only need to have the ability to address the data breach issue with clear remediation steps but also need to demonstrate a forward-thinking commitment to preventing such vulnerabilities in the future. More importantly, this article serves as a wake-up call to all readers that they should be more aware of personal data and privacy protection, and should be equipped with basic measures to deal with similar data breaches.